Hi, my name is Chad.
I'm the lead pastor of Richard's Christian Church.
Good morning.
Good to see you all.
There is something called the invisible treadmill of life.
I don't know if you run on a treadmill.
During the winter, I do some of you run outside even in the winter and good for you.
I'm not doing it.
It's just too cold.
The thing about a treadmill, right?
You run pretty far.
You really go nowhere.
You're there the whole time.
We live in a culture that has many of us running on an invisible treadmill because we worship something called the grind.
We are told that if we want to provide, if we want to succeed, if we want to be blessed, we have to outwork, out hustle and outperform everyone else.
And for many of us, that mindset doesn't just stay at the office.
It followed us into our faith.
We had it before we met Jesus and we brought it right into our relationship with Jesus.
We've turned our relationship with God into a constant performance review.
We think if I pray 15 minutes longer, if I serve one more team, if I just try a little harder to be quote unquote good, then the harvest will come both in this world and in my life.
There are many people right now, especially a hot word right now,
His revival, they're chasing revival as if it's in our control.
They want Pentecost again from Acts chapter two, and so we work harder so that God will send blazing tongues of fire in our gatherings, and we think that that will come from our constant grind.
We are running on an invisible treadmill, exhausted, sweating,
and wondering why despite all our running, the scenery of our lives hasn't changed.
This creates a theological tension or a conflict.
And here is the tension because when we, if you take your Bible and you open it, what you're gonna read is that the Bible calls us to work.
It calls us to sow seeds.
It calls us to be diligent and to the performer in many of us,
When we hear year of overflow at my church, we may begin to think, yeah, that's right.
If we don't work, we don't eat.
If I don't sow, we won't reap.
If we don't get after it, then this whole year will be a flop in the kingdom and it rituals.
We are terrified that if we stop performing for God, the supply will stop flowing.
For many of us, the only time we see the hand of God is when we do, not when we rest.
You see, we have confused our participation with God's provision.
God knew we would struggle with this.
He's not surprised.
He knew we'd be standing in the field in year six.
Just like the nation of Israel would stand in the year six of the harvest and it was the year of overflow.
And they could begin to look at the calendar like we can and start to panic.
And God knew we would panic.
If the overflow is not happening quick enough, if the harvest isn't happening quick enough and we're not going to have enough supply,
for year seven.
So what God did is He did something mathematically impossible to ensure that during the year of overflow, we didn't rely on ourselves and burn out.
He said, do what you always do in year one, two, three, four, five, do that in year six.
So the same amount of seed Israel worked the same amount of hours, but this year in their harvest,
I'm gonna trigger an overflow that you didn't earn and you couldn't manufacture.
God built that into the nation of Israel's year six and I believe he's trying to build it into us as we pursue.
What does overflow look like for us, right?
Well, we'll add a third service and we'll do rituals midweek and we'll work more hours and we'll go to six day work weeks instead of five and maybe even seven days when necessary, because you know, for the kingdom.
And that's not what the year of overflow is all about.
Your overflow is us getting off that invisible treadmill and saying, God, I'm going to do what you called me to do and I trust you for the rest.
The six year proves that while we are called to diligence, we are sustained by dependence.
The overflow isn't a reward for our performance.
It's a setup.
It's a setup for a year of rest.
Abraham Heschel was a 20th century Jewish theologian said this about the year six in the Sabbath.
He said the Sabbath is a palace in time.
If you take a weekly Sabbath, you've discovered this.
My Sabbath is on Mondays.
And so on Sundays, I constantly remind myself the palace in time is coming.
It's coming.
He says to rest in the seventh year, which is what we're going to press into next year is the year of rest.
requires a surplus in the sixth.
See, the nature of Israel had to have a surplus in year six, so they didn't have to work the fields in year seven.
And they still would have food, not only for themselves, but also for the poor.
Abraham goes on and says, God's provision is the architecture that allows man to stop being a beast of burden and start being a child of the king.
Many of us walked in here, a beast of the burden.
beast of the burden of our work, beast of the burden of our finances, beast of the burden of our parenting, beast of the burden of our health, beast of the burden of the kingdom.
So how can we continue to live out the mission as a church and as individuals while also trusting God for the increase and not burn out, not running on invisible treadmill and all the things?
And I believe strongly
that God has given us some answers, and they are found within our anthem verse for this year, as well as the passage that we read today from John 11, okay?
So I'm gonna look at our anthem verse again, we're gonna look at it all the time, and by the time we look at it enough, you'll have it memorized, right?
But for now, I'm gonna put it up on the screen, right?
Soon, I'm not gonna have to put it up on the screen, we're just gonna say it.
But here is two Corinthians chapter nine verse eight, and it says, and God is able, God is able,
to make all grace abound to you.
So that having all sufficiency and all things at all times, you may abound in every good work.
And so I believe within this framework, there's a framework in that verse that I see and you tie it with John chapter 11.
And I think what it gives us, I think it gives us not only encouragement, but I think it'll give you today the power to not only get off that invisible treadmill and trust God with overflow in your life and in this church and in the city, but also think it's gonna allow us to press into the story and see that man, when God steps in and he's able and there's grace and there's efficiency and he wants us
to abound, we can really begin to walk out of the caves that we've put ourselves in in our own life.
You see, we can rest assured that God will bless our work and that confidence comes from the fact that God is able because Jesus is the resurrection.
Why is God able?
He tells us in John chapter 11, I'm able because I am the resurrection.
Let's read it again in John 11, verse 21.
It says, Martha said to Jesus, now remember last week Jesus waited.
He knew Lazarus was gonna die from an illness that he had obtained.
And he waited two days to go there and then it took him another couple of days to get there.
So it's been four days since Lazarus has died.
And Martha said to Jesus, Jesus finally arrives on the scene and she says, Lord, if you have been here,
My brother would not have died.
Like she believes that Jesus can heal, but he didn't go on her time.
He didn't do it on her time.
He didn't even do it on Lazarus time.
But she still believes and she says, but even now I know that whatever you ask from God, God will give you.
And Jesus said to her, your brother will rise again.
And when Martha says to him, it's so interesting, Martha said to him, I know that he will rise again in the resurrection on the last day.
She's like, I know the scripture, I know the Old Testament, like Lazarus will rise when it's all said and done, when it's new heaven, new earth, new kingdom, you're gonna resurrect the dead.
Like I believe that.
And Jesus, he counters that, he says this to her, he says, I am the resurrection and the life.
She thinks he's talking about something future and he's talking about it in a couple minutes.
And he goes on and he says to whoever believes in me, though he die yet shall he live and everyone who lives and believes in me shall never die.
And then there's this really, really, really, really, really important question.
Martha, do you believe this?
She said to him, yes, Lord, I believe that you are the Christ, the Son of God who is coming into the world.
AWS told her, said this, a powerful statement.
He said, what God has done once, he can do again.
And what God has done anywhere, I love this part, he can do everywhere.
Because sometimes we can like, okay, yeah, what God has done once, He can do again, but I've seen Him do things in people's lives that I don't know if He can do it in my life.
And what God has done anywhere God can do everywhere, but, but there's always a but, right?
Do we believe?
I think for many of us, we know like God is able, but do we believe that He's able
with me.
Is he able with us?
Is he able in Peoria?
Like I can get it if it happens in New York City or down in Florida, like it's kind of happening right now at Southeastern Christian, or he can do it in LA, or he can do it over in Africa, right?
There's a revival in Africa been going on for centuries, right?
Like it's just been crazy.
I believe he can even do an underground church and Iran or China.
But is he able, do you believe he's able in you?
Martha tells Jesus, I know he will rise at the end of days and Jesus counters and said, no, no, no, no, you're missing it.
I'm the resurrection right now.
Do you believe this?
And it might be the most important question you can answer in your everyday life to make sure that you are in a position to have overflow is do I believe all this stuff?
All the Jesus stuff.
Like do I really believe it?
Do I believe the resurrection of Jesus still matters 2,000 years later?
Do I believe the life of Jesus still matters?
Do I believe the death of Jesus supplies the same power today as they did when I first believed?
Remember when you first believed, like try and remember right now while you sit where you were around the time, it doesn't have the exact day, hour.
But remember when you first believed, and maybe you hear this morning and you're like,
I haven't first believed.
Great.
Maybe today's that day, who knows?
Remember when you first believed, and for many of us when we first believed, we believed it all without even questioning it, right?
I walked out of the house that I came to Jesus in and just like, man, I was ready to grab bullhorn and tell everybody, like, Jesus is risen from the dead, y'all!
I don't know how you don't believe this, right?
Do I believe God can overflow in my life?
Charles Virgin said, God is too good to be unkind and he's too wise to be mistaken.
And when we cannot trace his hand, we must trust his heart.
I think this is that conflict.
This is that crisis of belief where we know like, okay, I believe God is able.
I can't even see in scripture where God is able.
He does things like really, really big things.
But if he hasn't done those things in my life,
I'm brought to this crisis where it's not do I trust if he's able, do I trust his heart?
Do I trust that he even wants to?
And this is the conversation that Jesus is having with Martha.
It's not that she doesn't believe some things.
It's does she believe I can do this right now with her brother at this moment?
I know you believe I'll resurrect him at the end.
I know you believe, Richwood, you'll go to heaven if you believe in Jesus's Lord.
But do you believe I can bring heaven to earth right now?
I know you believe that some people will come to Christ, but you believe that God could bring overflow to this city, the city that's not that bad.
Right?
Do you believe?
And sometimes we struggle to keep the faith, right?
That's why that tension's there.
And when we question, when we doubt, when we even disobey, we should remember the next part that moves into the story is that all grace abounds.
Remember two Corinthians, right?
God is able and all grace abounds.
And here's why all grace abounds because Jesus is life.
He's not just the resurrection, he's life.
Look what happened to the story in John 1132.
Now when Mary came to where Jesus was, right?
Martha and Jesus have a conversation.
Martha runs and gets Mary, Mary sitting like usual, right?
She's hanging out, right?
Just sitting, weeping, mourning, grieving, lamenting.
She's not anxious and busy like Martha.
And so Martha comes and gets her and is like, hey, while you're sitting there doing nothing like you have before.
The Lord's out there.
Right?
So Mary hears that and she came to where Jesus was.
She got off of her blessed assurance and she went to where Jesus was.
And she fell at his feet saying to Jesus, Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died.
I wonder if Jesus was like, yeah, I've heard.
I heard your sister said that like three minutes ago, right?
But you know what Jesus doesn't do?
He doesn't get sarcastic with her.
He doesn't throw a stone at her.
He doesn't even look at her and say, man, you guys' faith is so weak.
He doesn't.
Because he knows we struggle.
He knows we'll believe sometimes he's able and sometimes still doubt that he's able right now.
So what happens when Jesus saw her weeping and the Jews who had come with her also weeping, he was deeply moved in his spirit.
And he was greatly troubled.
And he said, where have you laid him?
And they said to him, Lord, come and see.
And Jesus wept because that's what proximity does.
Proximity gets close enough to other people and instead of judging them, once you get close enough, you feel.
And so Jesus said, or the Jews said, see how he loved him.
You see, here's the thing about this whole story.
Jesus knew what he was going to do.
He told the disciples.
He already told Martha.
He knew what he was going to do.
He totally knew, but he's still, even though he didn't have to, because he knows what he's gonna do, he's still wept with his people.
Why?
Because grace abounds even when you doubt.
He connects with us.
He communes with us.
He's touched by the things that touch your life.
He's even touched with your lack of belief.
He feels he has compassion, he has empathy, and he's in no way expecting perfection from our human
efforts.
And for some of us, the reason that we struggle in our relationship with God so much is because it is based upon how we're doing, not His grace that abounds.
It's I didn't read enough, I didn't pray enough, I don't go to church frequently enough, I don't give enough, I don't serve enough, and I'm selfish, and I've got this addiction, and I've got this struggle, and therefore, how can God abound in my life overflow must be for all the other people who are super faithful, and that is not the scripture
in any way.
They are struggling.
They're like, you would have been here.
He would not have died.
We've been weeping for four days.
And so instead of chastising them, he weeps with them.
But there is an equation within this passage to connect ourselves to grace.
And I don't want you to miss it.
So I'll put it on the screen.
Here's the equation.
How can I connect myself to grace?
How can grace
How can I show myself some grace?
How can I receive the grace of God?
And I believe Mary puts it on display.
We encounter, we worship, we get authentic, then grace abounds.
I believe that many times grace doesn't abound because we don't do the things that lead to us experiencing
the grace of God.
Just look at what Mary does.
Mary first and foremost came to where Jesus was.
She had an encounter with the living God.
At the end of every service, we have encounter moments where you can come forward in your seat wherever you want to press into the presence of God.
And it might be that, it might be your refusal to come where Jesus is that keeps you from grace abounding in your life.
Mary did not stay in the house.
She went to where Jesus was, but she just didn't go to where Jesus was.
She fell at his feet.
The scripture say she worshiped.
She worshiped.
We're going to close the service with the song.
Why?
Because when we encounter Jesus, what should we do?
We should worship.
Because in worship, something happens where we're able to receive the grace of God.
We make it convicted by the word.
We make it convicted by a spirit, but we're able to press into worship and say, God, forgive me, love me, shower me with grace.
Right?
We have to stop looking and we have to stop saying this statement.
They fell from grace.
You don't fall from grace.
You fall into grace.
And so do you think you fall in from grace and therefore overflow and grace and love of God will never be available?
Man, you fall into grace.
Mary falls into it at its feet.
And then look what she did.
She questioned and cried.
You know what she was?
She was authentic.
She didn't show up with her superficial faith and say, Jesus, I know you're going to bring him back.
Martha don't know.
You know, the disciples don't know, but you and I, we homies, you're gonna raise old lads.
You know, I've just been hanging out in the house what you feel to do it.
You know, steadfast, immovable, always bounding the Lord.
Got my five scriptures memorized, right?
Walking with you, the shepherd in the valley, the shadow of death.
Man, it's feasting at my house, right?
God is good all the time.
No, no, no, she shows up and she's like, if I could interpret a little bit,
This sucks.
I miss my brother.
And if you have been here, I wouldn't have had to do what I've had to do the last four days.
She's authentic.
And what happens, what happens when she encounters Jesus, she worships Jesus, she's authentic with Jesus.
He was moved and troubled and he loved them.
And here's the thing about grace.
And this is according to Dietrich Bonhoeffer.
Grace is free, but it is not cheap.
Grace is free, but it's not cheap.
Mary had to leave the house.
Mary had to run where Jesus was.
Mary had to get prostrate on the ground before him.
Mary had to weep and be authentic of like, I've questioned and I've doubted it.
I'm not sure.
It cost her, but it didn't just cost her.
She was at the feet of someone that had cost a bunch.
Grace is free, but it's not cheap.
One Peter chapter one verse 18 tells us, knowing that you were ransomed from the futile ways and hear you from your forefathers, basically saying we were all born and sin, not with perishable things such as silver or gold, but with the precious blood of Christ, like that of a lamb without blemish or spot.
Now, while the cost of grace is high, it cost Jesus's life.
It cost us to get authentic in worship.
The reward of grace is priceless.
because it leads to finding the sufficiency of God.
When we trust that God is able because of the resurrection and we discover that God's grace abounds because he is life, what that leads to is we find that God is sufficient, sufficiency abounds because God has resurrection power.
This is such a good part of the story.
John 11 verse 38.
Jesus deeply moved again, came to the tomb.
So now he's at the tomb, Lazarus is inside, there's a stone rolled over it, right?
It was a cave and a stone lay against it.
This was prototypical during those days of where they would bury people.
They would bury them there and then for a year, the flesh would all die off.
It would go away.
They would go in after a year, get the bones and then put it in a more permanent spot.
This was the way it was done, right?
They didn't do the coffin thing like we do.
And Jesus said, take away the stone.
Now Martha, always concerned about stuff, right?
Always the detailed person, right?
If you're a dreamer, Martha is the discerner, right?
She's like, wait a minute, how's this gonna happen, right?
She's the annoying one in your ear.
And Martha, the sister of the dead man said to him, Lord, hold up.
By this time, there will be an odor for her.
He's been dead for four days.
Like she's not even saying you're not gonna do it.
She's like, if you roll that stone away, it's gonna stink.
We gotta wait a year.
It gonna be nasty in there.
It's gonna be bad.
And Jesus said, or did I not tell you that if you believed, you would see the glory of God.
Mary, Martha and the disciples, they're all in attendance along with some Jews.
They learn an amazing truth right here.
God is sufficient in all things at all times.
Jesus said, take away the stone, not with hesitancy or doubt.
He said it with his chest, right?
He's not worried, it's been four days, he's not worried how bad it's gonna stink.
He knows not gonna stink at all because he's like, homeboy's alive in there.
He says it man, take away the stone.
He doesn't do it without hope or well wishing.
He said, take it away because I have resurrection power, not just in Lazarus's life.
but in yours as well, Mary Martha disciples and yours as well, people of Richard's Christian church.
Jesus still has 2,000 plus years later and forever more resurrection power.
But I want to meditate on a question for a second with you.
Here it is.
Are you currently seeing the glory of God in your life?
What you think about?
is if you believed you would see the glory of God.
I want you to think about it in the last seven days.
Where have you seen the glory of God?
I want you to think about it.
Because we are supposed to see the sufficiency of God through resurrection power and it reveals to us the glory of God.
There's nothing worse than being a follower of Jesus and never seen the glory of God.
It's horrible.
Listen to some of the scriptures, and I want you to say glory when you see it.
Remember, we're going to be a responsive church.
Psalm 19 one, the heavens declare the glory of God and the sky above proclaims his handy work.
Isaiah chapter six verse three says the whole earth is full of his Hebrews chapter one verse three.
He's the radiance of the
of God and the exact imprint of his nature.
John 1140 that we just read said, Jesus said, or did I tell you if you believe you would see the of God.
Dallas Willis said, God's glory is the goodness of God on display in human life.
You should, as a follower of Jesus, be seeing the glory of God
in your life, around your life, in the things that are around you.
You were made to give God glory and experience the glory of God.
But I think what can happen is we think the glory of God is so big and so massive, which it is, that the only way to see it is if we're a part of a revival or an outpouring or people coming, like multitudes getting baptized, right?
It's not even one baptism, we can see the glory of God.
It's gotta be something huge, it's gotta be something big.
It's gotta be Acts chapter two, Pentecost.
And if that's the case, then very few see the glory of God, and how does that help us in everyday life?
I believe with all my heart, after studying this word and meditating in it, that I can see the glory of God every single day of my life.
Let me give you a few examples.
I'll put up a couple pictures.
Here's the first one.
This was a few weeks ago.
And the news came to interview my friend, Pastor Brian Russell, who's the new pastor of Center Point Community Church coming to East above April 5th, 2026, right?
I stood there and watched this interview.
You know what I thought the whole time?
Look at the glory of God.
That's a 53, I think 54 year old, he's not here so I can say, he 53, 54, right?
That's a 54 year old man who worked at a lumber yard down the street
who God intersected his life at 53 years old when a lot of people were like, man, when does retirement start?
Where am I gonna buy the next house?
Where am I gonna do the next thing?
At 54 years old, he's like, yes, God, use my life.
And I just watched the glory of God break out right in front of me.
The news coming to ask a guy, why is God sending you to start a church?
The secular news.
And they played it that night.
The newspapers come.
Another radio station came all to sit with this man who just six months ago worked at a lumberyard down the street.
And because he worked at that lumberyard for the glory of God, he gets to do this for the glory of God.
I got to see it right in front of me.
Here's another one.
This one's really, really simple.
That's my Gary Bear.
That's right, he's mine.
Let me tell you why this is a picture of glory.
Number one, he sprawled out, right?
But Gary came to us in a weird way.
It was Jenna's mom reaching out to us saying, my friends got this golden doodle.
It's gonna be super cheap.
As you know, golden doodles, man, they're really, really expensive.
We got him for 500 bucks, right?
It's like an investment.
I know I could sell him for three grand if I need the money, right?
Right?
Times get tough, Gary's gotta go, right?
But I didn't know.
I get divorced at the same time.
But what I didn't know fast forward is I didn't know that my other dog Penny was going to die.
Who was my dog attached to the hip to me.
And I can't tell you what he has meant in filling that void in our home.
Right?
And I just, man, God, just a dog.
You brought glory into our life.
Are you currently seeing the glory of God in your life?
There's a good chance you are.
You didn't even know it.
If you sat across from your spouse last night at dinner for valance day and day, you saw glory.
You just didn't recognize it.
God's glory is the goodness of God on display in human life.
Every day life can place us in His glory.
And there's one more part of two Corinthians, if you press in a little bit further, that we can clearly see in this story in John chapter 11.
It's when we believe God is able, and grace and sufficiency abounds, then there's one automatic outcome.
And that automatic outcome is we abound because of the resurrection.
We abound.
John chapter 11 verse 43, it says, when he had said these things, he cried out with a loud voice, Lazarus, come out!
Check this statement out.
The man who had died came out.
Now we read that because it's the biblical narrative and we just read right past it and keep going through John chapter 11 on to John chapter 12, because we got to get our three chapters in that day, because that's what the U version Bible plan app laid out for us.
And we can miss that somewhere behind that stone, right?
Somewhere Lazarus began to breathe again.
I mean, think about it.
He was dead.
And all of a sudden, the lungs started inflating and the eyes opened up.
And I can't imagine if I'm Lazarus.
I'm like, where am I?
Why is this cloth all wrapped around my head?
Right?
And he says, come out and they, the disciples and Mary and Martha.
And that's their brother.
They're standing right there and the stones rolled away and he walks out covered in burial garments.
Like he came out.
And I want you to think about this when it comes to the disciples because you fast forward the story.
Jesus lives his life.
He dives on a cross.
He's buried.
He rises from the dead.
He gets the disciples to go out and be apostles and they spread the word everywhere in the book of Acts.
And then they're all martyred for their faith.
You're like, man, they were so strong in their faith.
How did they face death?
How was Peter crucified upside down?
How John handle himself from the olive patmos?
How did all those disciples face the sword and nailing and death and beheading and do it with faith?
I believe strongly that it's right here.
While Peter's being crucified upside down, he's not worried.
Why?
Because I've already seen my Lord raise a dead man.
And so if I'm going to die, he's going to raise me up.
John's on the island of Patmos, man.
I've seen him raise a dead man.
I'll just be another dead man that he brings back to life.
What a formative moment in the life of the disciples to bravely proclaim the gospel.
Some of us haven't seen enough of the glory of God to go out and boldly proclaim the glory of God.
And he wants us to abound.
Mary and Martha, disciples, Lazarus, all abound in this story.
They all have a new belief, a new wonder, a new appreciation for Jesus because his resurrection power brings freedom from death, sin, shame, performance, and the invisible treadmill of life.
Galatians 5, 1 says this, for freedom Christ has set us free.
Are you free?
Have you walked out of the grave of that thing?
Have you removed the stone of that thing?
Have you taken the burial garments off of that thing?
Have you purged yourself of that shame?
Are you still laying dead in it?
Augustine of Hippo says this, the soul is free when it clings to God.
But here's the thing.
Leave that quote up there, please.
Do you believe?
This.
We're going to move into a time that we call every week encounter.
And I have a theological conviction that when the Word of God goes forward, the people of God are to respond.
When we get into the presence of God, what did Mary do?
She fell down.
The presence of Jesus changes things.
So I wonder, like,
What are you stuck in that needs breakthrough today?
What did you walk in with this morning?
Anxiety, depression, suicide, radiation, addiction, pride.
That's the one that's hardest for everyone else to see.
Your interior pride that you came in and you need breakthrough.
so that God can get glory from your life and your life can begin to overflow.
Where did you come in today and you need to come out of that grave?
You've been stuck in that grave of willpower and I'm gonna muscle up my relationship with God.
I'm gonna read enough, pray enough, fast enough, do enough and that will give me intimacy and you need to come out of that grave.
What stone needs rolled away in your life?
What stone?
That keeping you from the life that God wants you to have, there's a stone and maybe it's a relationship, maybe it's a friend, maybe it's a scream, maybe it's a dream.
And it's a stone that's in the way of what God has for you.
Maybe it's a rut that you've gotten so comfortable in that you're afraid of what could be outside the rut.
That's why we stay in ruts.
Because we know the rut.
We know it.
Out there is a world of wonder and fear.
What stone needs rolled away?
Where do you or I need to come back to life?
How is God this morning through his powerful word?
Saying what Jesus said to Lazarus and to the people there, unbind him.
and let him go.
Where do you need unbound this morning?
We're gonna sing this song called Back to Life.
During the song, we'll be up here, we'll be over there, we'll be over there by the cross.
Available to you if you say, man, I want to be unbound from this.
I want breakthrough for this.
I want to come out of this grave.
No one knows about my pride.
No one knows about my selfishness.
I wanna come out.
No one here's gonna know why you're coming up.
No one, they're just gonna know that you want to have just an encounter with the living God.
Where you like, man, I need unbound.
Could you pray for me to be free?
Like Lazarus was free.
I mean, come up during the song today.
Do business with God where you're seated or standing.
After the song's over, it's still not too late.
Come up then.
Talk to someone next to you.
You can have an encounter moment right where you are with the person you came with.
We don't have anything special but the Spirit of God.
But we are here for you if you want to respond this morning.
Do you believe these things?
Let's respond to God and worship.
Would you stand with me, please?